README.md, before:

# [hyper](https://hyper.rs)

[![crates.io](https://meritbadge.herokuapp.com/hyper)](https://crates.io/crates/hyper)
[![Released API docs](https://docs.rs/hyper/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/hyper)
[![MIT licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](./LICENSE)
[![CI](https://github.com/hyperium/hyper/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hyperium/hyper/actions?query=workflow%3ACI)

A **fast** and **correct** HTTP implementation for Rust.

- HTTP/1 and HTTP/2
- Asynchronous design
- Leading in performance
- Tested and **correct**
- Extensive production use
- Client and Server APIs

**Get started** by looking over the [guides](https://hyper.rs/guides).

## "Low-level"

hyper is a relatively low-level library, meant to be a building block for
libraries and applications.

If you are looking for a convenient HTTP client, then you may wish to consider
[reqwest](https://github.com/seanmonstar/reqwest), which is built on top of
this library.

## Contributing

To get involved, take a look at [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md).

There are two main avenues for real-time chatting about hyper: a [Gitter room][gitter]
and [irc.mozilla.org/hyper][irc]. They are mirrored, so choose whichever format you
prefer.

[gitter]: https://gitter.im/hyperium/hyper
[irc]: https://kiwiirc.com/nextclient/irc.mozilla.org/#hyper

## License

hyper is provided under the MIT license. See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

Commit message:

docs(readme): Add link to warp (#2081)

README.md, after:

# [hyper](https://hyper.rs)

[![crates.io](https://meritbadge.herokuapp.com/hyper)](https://crates.io/crates/hyper)
[![Released API docs](https://docs.rs/hyper/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/hyper)
[![MIT licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](./LICENSE)
[![CI](https://github.com/hyperium/hyper/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hyperium/hyper/actions?query=workflow%3ACI)

A **fast** and **correct** HTTP implementation for Rust.

- HTTP/1 and HTTP/2
- Asynchronous design
- Leading in performance
- Tested and **correct**
- Extensive production use
- Client and Server APIs

**Get started** by looking over the [guides](https://hyper.rs/guides).

## "Low-level"

hyper is a relatively low-level library, meant to be a building block for
libraries and applications.

If you are looking for a convenient HTTP client, then you may wish to consider
[reqwest](https://github.com/seanmonstar/reqwest). If you are looking for a
convenient HTTP server, then you may wish to consider [warp](https://github.com/seanmonstar/warp).
Both are built on top of this library.

## Contributing

To get involved, take a look at [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md).

There are two main avenues for real-time chatting about hyper: a [Gitter room][gitter]
and [irc.mozilla.org/hyper][irc]. They are mirrored, so choose whichever format you
prefer.

[gitter]: https://gitter.im/hyperium/hyper
[irc]: https://kiwiirc.com/nextclient/irc.mozilla.org/#hyper

## License

hyper is provided under the MIT license. See [LICENSE](LICENSE).
